currently date of progress: 17.11.20
currently amount. DON'T COUNT: +44;
start date: 04.10.20

expected finish  date: 04.12.2020
expected amount: 62;


1.Refactor side menu
don't display admin panel for flutter app;
if admin not logged in;
Add access to page of admin_panel only for admin in security rules;
create admin acccount;

remove button Login/registration
display log_out button only if user not anonymoouse(logged_in)

2.Later: add show on map;


TO-DO PLAN

240m         next: Add rules of restriction, rules to restrictions
                    about roles; add restrictions to admin panel only for admin;
                    and pages for admin;
240m         next: Add rules restriction of authorized
                          and not to signed in user
                          or signed out to drawer menu;
360m         next: refactor code; to have ability just copy modules;
                         separate by modules;
180m         next: resend phone number with firebase in sign-in process
                          or registration process;
120m         next: add limit of attempts of enter code;
180m         next:. use it for sending message about ready order:
                        https://pub.dev/packages/sms_maintained
                        https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60356974/send-sms-from-flutter-app-without-user-interaction


Remember:
1. All to lower case;


add warning in case of input wrong phone number;

refactor process of favorite card


add handle exception in case not a proper phone format
on page of input phone number;

change field of price to numbers in process of adding new products;
refactor name of main class to catalog_of_products;
add comment
/* this is a start page */

if inputed phone number is not validate or not found or no internet connection show warning;
if( not validated inputed phone number) then show: you inputed not validation phone number;
try input phone number at international format; like this; +380648827449
if(no internet connection) show warning no internet connection;
Show small example of inpute phone number under text field like a hint

add to inputs of phones and usernames trim() and lowerCase()

add button resend code;
dont let user input code if CodeAutoRetrievaltimeoutö is out, expired

firebase flutter
add extra information to users table
like name, email, emailverifiedö
make this function by desires6
displaz in personal cabinet, hello anonzmouse or hello folk without name
and with small letters& zou can add zour name bz press on this textö

add function to transfer to sd card

add to name classses and variables "_";
push to github

add lowerCase while saving all notes to db in submit methods;


show that app is not working if no internet connection;
add warning in case NO INTERNET:

for text field create separate modules of text field with parameters
like: string text, string font_size;

expected finish  date: 04.12.2020
total amount: 61;

add security rules to firebase console;

make drop-down menu
set value of drop down menu on table of orders for admin;

hide all variables and separate code by modules;
decrease memory of app;

generate dates for time of by a certain time;

add count promo code to shop page;
show comment in table;

init columns status and total_price;
And implement column status; function of send sms(courier on way);
("Accepted");
Make drop-down menu status menu

make widgets Text style
Alert dialog and etc.

after order clear shop bucket;
add loader(while showing "fetching" in main screen

may be later add tAble:  table with information
count records in tables; ordered orders and executed(finished) projects

add types to variables;

chanfge namme of variabes to hidden with _
Replace all Statefill to Stateless as it possible, because creating
of Stateful more expensive;

inside folder widgets; create separate widgets;
to have ability just copy; separate app by modules;

think about drop-down, init and save to firebase;
on page of orders table;

refactor names of files;
MAke all files name to lower case , use _ as separator if need because some system case-sensitive;
flutter best practices use only lowercase in name of files

add button add to search option;
on order page if form is not valid then go to that field and show that field
in the end add validation to shop list of app;
add loaders everyway

AFTER Minimum Valuable Project
1. Check your town by start up;
2. Automatically detect location
3. add push messages
               for admin: new order
               for user: order accepted;
               for user: order sended;
4. next: send on email about discount;
5. next: push messages about discount;
6. next: add count discount, expecially in total field;
7.new label is dissappear after some days;
    1.1 add column date_of_add to product model;
    1.2  check date while displaying in new categorie
8. handle errors;
9.loader;
10. implement detail page;
11. start page as choosen town;
12. testing to app;
13. set auto expiration of new label;
14. extra: add auto complete to search  bar
15. add ability to load default image in admin cabinet
16. Google Map. Add marks to google mark.
17.  check suship shop online
    on sign-in with different phones;
    Main problem: in second time and next time sign in
    without sms about confirmation
18. Add ability to count the most popular ordered items;
19. Try improve process of adding to card, CardModelUtil and other classes similiar;
20. think about use state and stateless in app;
21. add ability save once inputed data to form of order;
22. add discount;
23. add BLoC design Pattern;

OTHER APP:
1.make app with pages;
2. Payment for some additional fuctionnal and
implement in separate:
3. add authorization with google, facebook,  and others app;




DOLPHI NOTES NOTEBOOK:
1. add ability point gmail for export database;
2 Add ability switch off additional functional;
3. Ability push warnings about wather with firebase
4 add BLoC


garbage:
Сделать бронирование кинотеатра мест и мест в ресторане


Tuning firebase:
add to read_me rules of restrictions
to cloud and ordinary store
and tuning of authentication, sign-ing method

app recognize my libra calc table with help of camera. Android
Add ability to request top news to notebook. Add ability to switch off and switch on that option;
Add init data to table on start app
nOTEBOOK ADD OPTION TO COPY NOTE; sHARE
AND COPY TO CD CARD;

MAKE MEME GENERATOR AND PUBLISH TO PLAY MARKET

ADD PAGES TO APP


check app on leakage
check memory leaks of app


add in github description has option to transferr on sd cardö

Write mode for game on steam;


scale to all devices and all screens;

futter and firebase
add authoriyation of users bz username and output logged username
u must train mzself in distribution of rights of owning flutter firebaseö
between different users
add certain rules to access to page for certain users,

Learn different patterns and try implement;